You must have written approval for your final project topic and objectives
    by Tuesday, Nov 25.  Failure to do so will result in a point deduction
    at the professor's discretion.

You must submit your code for grading by 8:15am on Thursday, Dec 18.  

You must present your project during the open house at 8:15am on Friday, Dec 19

Your write-up and list of citations is due at 8:15am on Friday, Dec 19

Some of you may be asked to meet with me after the open house to discuss
    any questions I have about your code.


The point break down will be:

    5pts: Mandatory check-in with professor on or before Dec 3 to discuss
        your progress (see check-in rubric)

    5pts: Mandatory check-in with professor on either Dec 4 or 5 to discuss
        your progress (see check-in rubric)

    5pts: Mandatory check-in with professor on either Dec 8 or 9 to discuss
        your progress (see check-in rubric)

    5pts: Mandatory check-in with professor on either Dec 10, 11, or 12 to
        discuss your progress and any questions you might have.

    45pts: achieving the objectives you agreed to in your project proposal.
        This portion will be somewhat subjective and up to the whims of
        the professor, so you are encouraged to run your finished product
        past the professor well in advance of the actual deadline

        Achieving all objectives with only cosmetic issues will get you
            up to 50 points
        Achieving all major objectives with a minor issue will get you
            45 points
        Achieving major objectives but with a significant unresolved
            issue will get you up to 40 points
        Not achieving a major objective will put you at a 35 or lower,
            depending on how much progress you did make
        If you choose a final project topic that the professor considers
            to be easier than most, your max score in this category may
            be 40pts instead of 50 (this will be made clear to you prior
            to project topic approval)

    15pts: Well formatted, well documented, well organized and designed
        code. If I get annoyed trying to figure out your code, you'll
        start losing lots of points in this category.

        If you did not write the code that you hand in (eg based too
        heavily on code you found that someone else wrote, or primarily
        generated by AI), you could receive as low as a zero on the
        entire assignment.  You may have to meet with the professor to
        address any issues that arise.

    10pts: Submit a roughly 2 page write up describing 
        What research you did to learn about your chosen topic
        Include citations for any resources you used to help guide your
            project. What did you learn from each resource?  Provide your
            citation in the generally accepted format of your choice, but
            make sure I can locate the sources you're referencing.
        Any interesting things you had to do to get your project to work.
        Lessons that you learned (good and bad) as part of this project

    10pts: Have a demo running in our classroom on Dec 19 from 8:15am-10:15am.
        This demo could be your program running in a simple loop showing off
        your feature, or it could be an interactive demo, or (with professor
        approval) an automated slide show describing your findings.  You should
        also be prepared to answer appropriate questions from your peers and the professor

        The format of demo day is that everyone will set up their project at
            their usual seat, and then everyone will wander around a look at
            what their classmates did.  If your project is interactive, please
            include a sheet of paper or on-screen instructions explaining the
            controls.  If your project isn't interactive, have it on a timed
            loop demonstrating what you did.

        For some of you, you'll probably want to include some written
            commentary (either on the screen or on a sheet of paper)
            explaining what it is you're doing if it isn't obvious.